chore(docs): Update source-spec.md (#2774)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/reference/source-spec.md

# Source Spec Reference

Following are available options for the top level source plugin `spec` object. 

> Note: For configuring individual plugins, please refer to the configuration section from the relevant plugins from [here](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/plugins/sources). (eg. [AWS plugin configuration](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/blob/main/plugins/source/aws/docs/configuration.md)). Also checkout our [recipes](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/recipes/aws-postgresql) for common configuration examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: For configuring individual plugins, please refer to the configuration section from the relevant plugins from [here](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/plugins/sources). (eg. [AWS plugin configuration](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/blob/main/plugins/source/aws/docs/configuration.md)). Also check out our [recipes](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/recipes/aws-postgresql) for common configuration examples.
```

Not sure about this, but Google says this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26760571/195616783-72cc60ba-a9d1-4f12-b339-29dee0073469.png)
